Tik Tok is filled with insane PC hacks
that promise instant FPS boosts but have
you ever wondered if any of them
actually work with millions of videos
uploaded to the platform every day there
has to be at least one that can help me
hit 1,000 FPS right well in this video
I'm putting the most viewed Tik Tok PC
hacks to the test to see if they can
actually get me to 1,000 FPS or if
they're just going to flood my PC with
1,000 viruses we've got a ton of hacks
to test and a lot of fps to gain so
let's jump straight into the challenge
to begin this challenge we need a pretty
solid gaming PC to start with because
let's be real hitting this number isn't
something any regular desktop can do
especially with fortnite's terrible
performance updates recently the game
has gotten so bad that even clicks who
was previously able to reach 1,300 FPS
can no longer hit 1,000 even with the
fully maxed out PC with the fastest
possible parts for some reason this PC
is only 800 why is it so low but you
might be wondering if a professional
gamer with the most powerful gaming PC
can barely average 900 FPS how am I
supposed to pull off 1,000 with a build
that costs less than just his GPU well
to complete this challenge without a
$500 CPU or a $2,000 GPU I had to build
what might be the best $1,100 gaming PC
for this video but with a base frame
rate of 890 we're going to need some
serious PC hacks to reach 1,000 average
FPS and what better way to start than
with the 10 most liked PC hacks on Tik
Tok this might have been the worst start
to a challenge that I've ever had as
you'd probably expect these were all
either a complete waste of time or
Surface level PC optimizations because
the Tik Tok search engine is just not
very good and finding an actually useful
video was not easy you know the worst
part about this video is that I'm never
going to get those 5 Seconds back he
taught us how to turn on our keyboard
light at this point I was about to just
quit the challenge and just do YouTube
shorts instead that was until I watched
the second most liked PC hack on Tik Tok
because this one was actually kind of
useful at least that's what I hoped
because apparently by pressing control
shift Windows plus b that resets your
graphics drivers and for some strange
reason this button combination is super
popular on Tik Tok and so many people
think that it actually stabilizes your
FPS and sometimes even boost your FPS
but according to chat GPT which is you
know my favorite source of very reliable
information chat GPT says no it does not
boost your FPS but the Tik Tok kids they
said that it would stabilize my FPS does
that at least stabilize my FPS no so
guess what I did
I did it anyways so here I am in front
of my PC right now I'm actively using my
graphics card so this is probably the
worst time to reset my Graphics drivers
I think it actually does more than that
it resets the whole Graphics subsystem
but basically what I'm getting at here
is that if something goes wrong I'm
immediately going to notice because I'm
using my GPU right now um bad news it is
now 4:40 p.m. and of course they hit us
with yet another update I'm not even
joking every single time epic games puts
out an update my FPS starts tanking so
I'm just going to hop into a game of
Team Rumble to recompile the shaders and
hopefully by the end of all this our FPS
will be back to normal or maybe it'll
even increase who knows never in a
million years would I have thought that
pressing four buttons on your keyboard
could boost your FPS this much but here
we are we gained about 10 FPS on both
average FPS and 1% lows peaking at 936
FPS however I do think that it's just
because of the update since the vram RAM
and GPU usage numbers don't make any
sense but this is still a very strong
start to the video but because the rest
of the videos that showed up when I
searched up PC hacks were still
completely useless to me I decided to
switch up the strategy so instead of
searching for PC hacks I decided to type
PC optimizations instead because that
way I might be able to find better
videos that's when I came across the
10th most liked PC optimization video on
Tik Tok a clip from Ten's live stream
I'm honestly expecting some pretty
decent stuff from him he's one of the
greatest valerant players of all time
arguably the best and from what I've
seen he actually has some decent PC
knowledge so let's see what he has to
share whenever I play vant I always go
over here and make sure that's
compatibility full screen optimizations
High DPI application right there so I'm
going to do basically the exact same
thing except for fortnite where is
fortnite am I stupid don't answer that
question what the freak is nefarious
software Solutions bro there's no way
that's not a did I just find a virus on
my PC and we're going to go to this one
properties all right we're already
running into a problem here because
we're missing the compatibility tab I've
actually had this problem in the past so
I don't remember exactly how to do it
but I know where to find the answer so
disable prop page from 1 to zero it
won't change immediately I don't think
oh it did all right we did it and then
afterwards I go into graphic settings
you turn on Hardware accelerated GP GPU
scheduling then you go over to valant is
installed shooter game binaries here
there go to high performance you see
that would be good advice but I don't
even have the setting for high
performance whatever GPU scheduling uh
because I don't know my GPU just doesn't
support it for some reason but he did
say to set the game to high performance
but that won't change anything for me
because I already have it on specific
GPU and make sure startup apps just like
turn off everything I swear every time I
go into my startup apps there's like 20
new apps I don't know how this happens
there are a couple things that I don't
need to load up all the time for example
bakas mod CTF Loader I don't even know
what this is Microsoft Edge update we
absolutely do not need that and yeah I
only left OBS Studio enabled because I
need to use that to record but apart
from that that was pretty much
everything I could do in the video
anything I didn't do was because it's
Nvidia specific or Windows 10 specific
but yeah I'm just going to restart my PC
and hopefully when we come back we're
going to gained some more FPS and we did
we are now averaging at around 9115 FPS
I think most of it came from disabling
my startup apps because since the last
challenge video I did I installed quite
a bit of software and forgot to disable
them on Startup but anyways we are
actually on Pace to hit 1,000 FPS but
this pace that we had did not last long
because these videos were extremely
basic things that I've already done like
enabling Expo or applying the ultimate
performance power plan so if I wanted to
get that last 85 FPS I needed something
far more advanced something I had never
seen before at least that's what I
thought because beneath those obvious
tweaks there's an entire realm of simple
optimizations so basic that not even I
have bothered to try one of those basic
tips showed up in this video the guy
suggest switching my power mode from
balance to best performance this was a
setting I had never touched since you
don't even get the option to change it
if you switch your power plan from
balance to high performance power saver
or anything else if you use any other
power plan you just physically cannot
change this so we're going to set this
to balance and then set this to best
performance so maybe changing my power
mode instead could make all the
difference obviously this did not do sh
because the ultimate performance power
plan was putting in work earlier and
it's no surprise that I was getting
pretty frustrated I've spent hours
scrolling through Tik Tok trying these
optimizations just to not have 1,000 FPS
so I switched my power plan back to
Ultimate performance where we averaged
at 9115 FPS and went back into the
challenge with a new strategy instead of
just picking from the most popular
videos at random I decided to check out
some of the most popular accounts on the
platform and I think I found a Hidden
Gem well not really hidden since he has
570,000 followers but you get the point
there's not a lot of good stuff on Tik
Tok so I'm very happy that I've I found
someone that knows what he's doing the
guy's name is sheet and he made a skit
about overclocking which is something
that I definitely need to try normally I
don't bother with overclocking my CPU
since it's already clocked at 5.45 GHz
and I basically never overclock my GPU
because I get plenty of FPS already but
for this challenge it could be the one
thing that gets us to our end goal so I
thought I might as well try it so I
booted into the BIOS enabled Precision
boost overdrive and booted back into
windows it's really that easy to get a
safe overclock 991 it keeps hitting 991
and then it goes back down dude although
it was relieving to finally be this
close to the Target it was also
aggravating looks like we need just a
little bit more power with overclocking
having the biggest impact out of
everything we've done today the obvious
decision was to try PBO enhancement
since that's just going to make our
overclock even better and of course I
breaked my motherboard well almost so I
thought to myself why not just reset my
bio settings I took out the seos battery
left it for 10 to 15 minutes and then
popped it back in and to make sure my PC
was working as usual why not test
fortnite again just to make sure
everything's working and let me just say
it was running a little bit better than
usual oh my God how did how did it just
shoot up to 1,000 I just reset my BIOS
and enabled PBO again I don't get it no
why is it going down please wait it's
coming back up 1,000 average FPS hey
this is way better than I could have
ever imagined yeah that is absolutely
insane but if you enjoyed this video and
want to see how a $20 GPU gets 500 FPS
watch this video next